3D metrics (#2025)
boutproject/BOUT-dev: manual/sphinx/developer_docs/mesh.rst

Differencing
------------

> The mesh spacing is given by the public members `Coorinates::dx`,

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
The mesh spacing is given by the public members `Coordinates::dx`,
```

`Coordinates::dy` and `Coordinates::dz`::

    // These used for differential operators

>     FieldMetric dx, dy, dz;
>     FieldMetric d2x, d2y;    // 2nd-order correction for non-uniform meshes
>     Field2D zlength();   // Computed from dz
> 
> `Coordinates::FieldMetric` can be either `Field2D` or if BOUT++ has

Reviewer 2: Right, sorry, so suggestion should have been
```suggestion
    metric_field_type dx, dy, dz;
    metric_field_type d2x, d2y;    // 2nd-order correction for non-uniform meshes
    Field2D zlength();   // Computed from dz

`Coordinates::metric_field_type` can be either `Field2D` or if BOUT++ has
```
